This is the Modified version of app_swift based on Darren Sessions code. 
His original README is below.

This code was also modified by Eric Lindvall in his project at GitHub.

I Shawn L. Djernes sdjernes@gmail.com have modifed this application to
support selecting the synthesizer from the Asterisk dialplan. This 
feature is needed for multilingual applications.  I hope to eventually 
provide a way via the config file to specify the default synthesizer per 
language.

New and updated versions of this package can be found at:

	http://github.com/sdjernes/app_swift

In that repository is also a version for Asterisk 1.4 with
simular modifcations.  However the project I am working on is
moving to Asterisk 1.6.2 at this time, so I do not plan any more
work on that code.

INSTALLATION

You will need to have a Cepstral http://cepstral.com voice installed
on your system.  This will install the needed libs and header files.

You need to have the Asterisk header files installed on your system. If
you installed Asterisk as part of a package from you Linux Distribution,
install the appropiate -dev or -devel package to get the header files.

If you get the package as a Tar.gz file:

	tar zxvf app_swift-*.tar.gz

Change into the directory.
	cd app_swift

Make the module
	make

If all goes well and you get no errors. Install the files
	make install

Now restart Asterisk to get the module loaded.

USAGE

If you have only one synthesizer installed you will want to 
modify the swift.conf file to tell it what voice you have.

To call the application from within the dialplan use it like this.

	exten => 123,1,Swift(Hello World)

To specify the voice to use:

	exten => 123,1,Swift(Hello World,Callie-8khz)



--- Original Readme ---

The beauty of this application is its ability to stream the
data from the text-to-speech engine vs. having to write out
and possibly convert audio files to the filesystem.

This release is specific to the Asterisk 1.6.x codebase and
will NOT work with the 1.4.x codebase. Please visit my site
for 1.4.x compatible releases.

http://www.darrensessions.com

For addition help, type 'core show application swift' on the
Asterisk command line interface.

Bug reports, comments, or otherwise can be directed to me at
dmsessions@gmail.com.

Thanks,

- Darren Sessions


Installation
------------
unpack
make
make install

